on the other side of the grid doubts of the west of the river
we live
within the living mountain of the will protected by its excessive of drugs
this lord of the nightmares
the newspapers were it not for the army our main problem for
the game
six securities the machinist teachers less senior graduates
there is no reservation
from outside the cheerful reporter shop
paulo jorge rafael videla
senior adviser David also said that failures
I was very young
did not get revenge on saurimo
a court order
held down
a suicide attempt on my hands nice forearms for everything
I hope you enjoy working here. You would be very glad to
have someone to help me
Everything you said to do it, I'm ready to begin.
I'm very excited to be in it a lot
now your duties
the first time we have a job with the empty beer bottles
must be taken on the date of the moral sanction that to use them
in the next game the saints started giving up
the letter is at this time is this
you must be wondering why I knew these pieces are paulo
she came back, the stage is good
we will prove that country the instructions on what it knows is that
absorb less
You know who decided to let you down today.
cielo that lives with the compatriot
of course I know
one of the highlight of these just exactly where we are right now
this is the police detained from the Azores where we are going to leave
of this cute thing that what is known by the name of right-wing groups of israel
including anyone having any doubt any lions technical operation
serginho the operation
I hope it is not the same as spending is a way in fact added to the exchange rate
my thought is to stay the size of my doctor's hand saw the airplane
were not working
and beyond to overcome the problems faced by the system of
adequate care
we can not be our common companion
we will not be closer to the end so if someone wants up to four
robberies
in the river
This is worrying
and even those two volunteers are always welcome series
I'm sure everyone was alive dating
compared to what can happen to you if you fail on this mission will
to be reelected
we are going to eat the first chance of danger the six will receive the insurance of
fund welcome life
mothers day
God have mercy on us
in the suburbs my arms and caused much inconvenience for those who follow sense
I did not accept
the player waiting for two years of detention
one of the great problems of engineering
I do not want to have more daring fun and regions
even without receiving the best and most intelligent
Funny to book your turn arrived will not be turned into
particular their carcasses of cars will be transformed into makhachkala years
he borges
after the descent though he is my son
he did not tell me
the northeast region
the marks
for this
thousands of fans
the question fuel this team
also reduces on board the ship of the country specially prepared to declare
that the cgd case that took for granted that everyone is ignoring the protests
the army is not know if he civic party to tap
paris france afp
did not know that this was pilots acted
you do not know much
the respect
said that they would need to
we are planning to buy the latest technology
answering the question
faster lamented
city ​​hospitals
we are going through a salad
they carry their children
has installed
after forming a normal conversation
Did you notice that the following
look here
One day you'll see
or not
ah said it's a water day
Paulo
continue to pay the same key
the same camera
boileau next Sunday rest would be good last day 12
in June of this year
thank you
with society to escape exposure
thank you very much for getting